Update module health in qradar (#18593)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/ReleaseNotes/2_1_36.md

#### Integrations
##### IBM QRadar v3

> - Added the error message to `updateModuleHealth` when long runing is failing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an error message that will be displayed via `updateModuleHealth` when **fetch-incidents** is failing.
```
